Now that you are familiar with the concepts we will be covering in this course,
please take the time to make sure you are
prepared by reviewing the requirements checklist.
You'll need access to the AWS console, an IDE,
the AWS command-line interface,
and application you'll feel comfortable using to create an architecture diagram,
and you'll need to install Terraform.
I provided links to everything you need in the checklist in the previous section.
Now that we have everything we need to complete
our project and lesson exercises, let's get started.
Taking the steps to further your education and
learn more about Cloud architecture is courageous.
The field of Cloud architecture has evolved from simple computer storage
15 years ago to supercomputers and machine learning today.
Cloud providers are offering more services and configurations than ever,
giving customers infinite options when it comes to technology solutions.
Give yourself the space to absorb it all and allow yourself
the freedom to imagine all the possibilities Cloud computing provides,
and how it can potentially improve a technology obstacle you've been thinking about.
Most of all, give yourself time to integrate and comprehend the lessons.
Read the articles and watch the videos at the end
of the modules for greater depth of understanding.
Mastery of the Cloud is much closer than you think.